{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "What does the ICO consider likely to result in high risk?\nThe ICO is required by Article 35(4) to publish a list of processing operations that require a DPIA. This list complements and further specifies the criteria referred to in the European guidelines. Some of these operations require a DPIA automatically, and some only when they occur in combination with one of the other items, or any of the criteria in theEuropean Guidelines referred to above:\n1. Innovative technology: processing involving the use of innovative technologies, or the novel application of existing technologies (including AI). A DPIA is required where this processing is combined with any of the criteria from the European guidelines.\n2. Denial of service: Decisions about an individuals access to a product, service, opportunity or benefit that is based to any extent on automated decision-making (including profiling) or involves the processing of special category data.\n3. Large-scale profiling:any profiling of individuals on a large scale.\n4. Biometrics:any processing of biometric data. A DPIA is required where this processing is combined with any of the criteria from the European guidelines.\n5. Genetic data:any processing of genetic data, other than that processed by an individual GP or health professional for the provision of health care direct to the data subject. A DPIA is required where this processing is combined with any of the criteria from the European guidelines.\n6. Data matching:combining, comparing or matching personal data obtained from multiple sources.\n7. Invisible processing:processing of personal data that has not been obtained direct from the data subject in circumstances where the controller considers that compliance with Article 14 would prove impossible or involve disproportionate effort. A DPIA is required where this processing is combined with any of the criteria from the European guidelines.", "metadata": {"doc_id": "chatData"}, "type": "Document"}}