{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "AutoDPIA Web Application Manual\nAutoDPIA is a web application that automates the process of generating a DPIA report based on user provided documents.\n1 - CHAT: \nUser could access the Chatbot by clicking on the CHAT Tab on the left UI panel. The Chatbot allows user the consult or learning about information regarding DPIA or how the AutoDPIA works as a website. This is the default mode. The PDF mode would trigger if the user uploads a document using the upload button in the Chat interface. Which would allow the Chatbot to summarise or answer any questions based on the provided document, essentially acting as a PDF assistant.\n2 - TEMPLATE:\nUser could access the Template page by clicking on the TEMPLATE tab on the left UI panel. Within this page, the user can select a default template via the Choose a Template drop down menu. After a template is selected, the page would display a list of Step(s), Title(s) within each Step and the Prompt that associate with the Title. \nThe prompt would dictate how the system would answer the DPIA document. The user can edit, add or delete all the components within the template, however, there must exists at least one Step and one Title for each Step. The user can save a new customised template using the save button. If the prompt is empty, the system would ignore it and treat it as empty. For data security reasons, user should avoid using prompt that ask for sensitive information such as credentials, download links etc.\n3 - PROJECT:\nUser could access the Project page by clicking on the PROJECT tab on the left UI panel. Within this page, the user must first create a project before access the auto-generate DPIA feature. To create a project, just click Create Project. After a project is created, you can Enter or delete the project from the list, if the user enters a project, you would be greeted with two sections: Files OR DPIAs, which can be accessed from the top.", "metadata": {"doc_id": "chatData"}, "type": "Document"}}